What: Given pictures of divers, classify what hand signal they're making.

Why: Being underwater is dangerous. A robotic companion would be good to have for divers (i.e. not just
enthusiasts but people who work underwater) in order to keep track of the diver and relay communications between them
and individuals on land. If the diver has some limited air and needs to minimize how much they talk, one way they could
communicate is through hand signals. This project seeks to automatically and reliably identify those signals in order to
promote greater safety and communication.

How: We plan to train a CNN to accomplish this. It will take in a picture of the diver and classify the signal they are making.

Source of data: Caddian diver signal dataset http://www.caddian.eu//CADDY-Underwater-Gestures-Dataset.html

Some challenges with the data:

1. Some classes have significantly less samples than others.
Solution: we may have to generate additional samples, perhaps through augmenting on existing samples.

2. Some hand signals look extremely similar (more on this in the EDA notebook).
Solution: may not be one

3. Some pictures include an additional diver in the background.
Solution: may not be one

4. Real life underwater conditions vary, and different cameras could produce different colors. However, in this dataset,
all the pictures look to be taken out of the same controlled environment, with the same color of water.
Solution: augment on the training data to simulate different conditions.

Things to think about for the presentation:
Explain all the above.

Ignoring model specifics, one thing that would be good to show is a side by side barchart showing % correctly and
incorrectly classified for each class to illustrate which ones the model did well on and which ones it didn't. Follow
this up with a confusion matrix possibly to get more specific.

Think about how we can spend time tuning different hyperparameters to get accuracy just as good in less time (i.e. saving
GPU costs).

Produce a before/after pic of augmentation to show how we simulate different underwater conditions

Produce a before/after pic of generating samples to balance class counts - bar graphs

Why a CNN? Works well for spatial features like hand shapes.

